Added Ciscomeraki (#1935)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/cisco-meraki-source.md

1. Scroll down to **API access** and click **Generate new API key**.<br/> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/cisco-meraki-generate-key.png')} alt="cisco-meraki-generate-key.png" width="400" />
1. Save your new API key into your preferred password vault for later use.<br/> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/cisco-meraki-save-key.png')} alt="cisco-meraki-save-key.png" width="500" />

For more detailed steps with troubleshooting examples, visit the official documentation [here](https://developer.cisco.com/meraki/api-v1/#!authorization/authorization).

## Create a Cisco Meraki Source

When you create an Cisco Meraki Source, you add it to a Hosted Collector. Before creating the Source, identify the Hosted Collector you want to use or create a new Hosted Collector. For instructions, see [Configure a Hosted Collector](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/configure-hosted-collector).

To configure Cisco Meraki Source:
1. In Sumo Logic, select **Manage Data** > **Collection** > **Collection**.

> 1. On the Collectors page, click **Add Source** next to a **HostedCollector**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the Collectors page, click **Add Source** next to a **Hosted Collector**.
```

> 1. Select Cisco Meraki.<br/> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/cisco-meraki-sumo-source-select.png')} alt="cisco-meraki-sumo-source-select.png" width="150" />

Reviewer: I've swapped this out with a cleaner, hi-res image for you. And sized it down to look good.

```suggestion
1. Select Cisco Meraki.<br/> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/cisco-meraki-sumo-source-select.png')} alt="cisco-meraki-sumo-source-select.png" width="80" />
```
